Release Notes for [**release-2024-07-03\_23-01-hotfix-https-outcalls-with-lsmt**](https://github.com/dfinity/ic/tree/release-2024-07-03_23-01-hotfix-https-outcalls-with-lsmt) (7dee90107a88b836fc72e78993913988f4f73ca2)
=========================================================================================================================================================================================================================

Changelog since git revision [e4eeb331f874576126ef1196b9cdfbc520766fbd](https://dashboard.internetcomputer.org/release/e4eeb331f874576126ef1196b9cdfbc520766fbd)

Bugfixes:
---------

* [`7dee90107`](https://github.com/dfinity/ic/commit/7dee90107) Networking: revert: reqwest https outcalls

A regression was observed in a [commit 357ec1a](<https://github.com/dfinity/ic/commit/357ec1abcc81fcea5de9d30d54c7e6ffa40a3488>), which switched the HTTP client library used for HTTPS outcalls in this week's RC. This regression affects HTTPS outcalls to IPv4 targets, potentially causing more frequent timeouts compared to the previous version. These outcalls are only allowed on system subnets.

Subnet uzr34 was upgraded to this version, and the Exchange Rate Canister (XRC) experienced sporadic timeouts when making requests to IPv4 targets. Despite these issues, the Exchange Rate Canister is still able to retrieve enough data to keep exchange rates up to date. However, to be cautious, we propose reverting the offending commit and deploying a version without it on uzr34 with an expedited schedule. The same version will be deployed on w4rem. The remaining subnets will be upgraded to the RC version proposed and adopted earlier this week by the community, as they should not be affected by this change.

Compared to [release-2024-07-03_23-01-hotfix-https-outcalls](https://github.com/dfinity/ic/tree/release-2024-07-03_23-01-hotfix-https-outcalls), this version has LSMT enabled and would be preferable to use it for the bitcoin subnet `w4rem` and if possible also on `uzr34` and `tdb26`, based on the observed performance.

